# FinalProject

This is my final project code for my AP Computer Science A class. The project runs on Android devices, minimum SDK 16 (Android "Jelly Bean"). It allows the user to see the representatives and senators from a particular state and view details about them, sometimes including contact information. The data used for this application comes from the ProPublica Congress API (https://projects.propublica.org/api-docs/congress-api/).

## Use

The app opens up to a ListView with a header that says "Home" at the top. Selecting a state from the given list will then change the list to display all legislators from that state, with representatives first and the two senators from each state at the bottom of the list. Clicking a state will also change the header to say "State legislators". Clicking on a legislator in the list will send you to a new activity, where the details of the legislator you clicked on will be displayed. It shows you the name, date of birth, gender, link, Twitter account, Facebook account, YouTube account, whether or not they are currently in office, their current party, and their most recent vote date. Under all of this information is the word "Roles" and a list of all roles the congress person has had, including the current one. For each role, a congress number is displayed, the chamber they served in, their title, what state they represented, what party they were, their FEC (Federal Election Commission) ID, their seniority, their district number (1 for senators), whether or not their district is an "at large" district (if their district represents the entirety of a state), the start and end dates, the number of bills they sponsored and cosponsored, as well as the percentage of votes they missed and the percentage of times they voted with their own party. In some cases, there may be a missing FEC ID. There can also sometimes be office, phone number, fax number, contact form, and leadership role information available. If the congressperson served on any committees during the time of their role, the committees and subcommittees that they served on are listed at the bottom of each list item.